All the Internet @ alltheinternet.com is a metasearch engine and a multisearch engine. A metasearch engine is a search engine that searches multiple search engines. This one searches Google, Microsoft Bing, Yahoo! and Wikipedia. A multisearch engine is a search engine that gives the user the ability to search one query and then select from a list and have that query searched on a different search engine. In addition to meta search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 1999.
AOL Search @ search.aol.com is a search engine that was launched by AOL in 1997. It was initially based on the Excite search engine, which AOL had acquired the rights to use. However, AOL eventually developed its own search technology and renamed the service to AOL Search. Today, AOL Search is powered by Microsoft Bing and provides a variety of results. AOL Search provides users with access to web, image, multimedia, shopping, news, and local search results.
Ask.com @ ask.com is a web search engine that uses Google web search and allows users to search the internet for information, images, videos, and news. It was originally launched as Ask Jeeves, named after a fictional character who would answer questions asked by users. The search engine was known for its question-answering feature, which allowed users to ask questions in natural language and receive answers in the form of web pages. In 2006, the search engine was rebranded as Ask.com, and it has since evolved to be more similar to other search engines like Google, Yahoo!, and Microsoft Bing. It was founded in 1996.
Dogpile @ dogpile.com is a web search engine that uses Microsoft Bing web search results. Dogpile claims to be a metasearch engine that retrieves results from multiple search engines and directories and presents them to the user in a combined list. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 1996.
DuckDuckGo @ duckduckgo.com is a web search engine that uses Microsoft Bing web search results and does not track user data. It has gained popularity as a privacy-focused alternative to other search engines like Google. It does not store users' search histories, personal information, or IP addresses. Most search engines don't store this information. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 2008.
Ecosia @ ecosia.org is a web search engine that uses Microsoft Bing web search results. Its mission is to help fight climate change by using the revenue generated from searches to plant trees. It is a Berlin-based certified B Corporation that donates at least 80% of its surplus income to various tree planting projects around the world. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 2009.
Google @ google.com is a web search engine and one of the world's largest technology companies. It allows users to search the internet for information on a wide variety of topics, using keywords or phrases to retrieve relevant results. Is known for its speed and accuracy, and it has become the most widely used search engine in the world, with billions of searches conducted every day. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images, videos and more. It was founded in 1998.
Microsoft Bing @ bing.com is a web search engine developed by Microsoft, one of the world's largest technology companies. It is designed to provide search results that are relevant, accurate, and useful to users. Like other web search engines, it uses algorithms to analyze the content and context of web pages in order to determine their relevance to a particular search query. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 2009.
Startpage @ startpage.com is a privacy-focused web search engine that uses Google web search results. It is based in the Netherlands and is known for its strong focus on user privacy and data protection. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 2006.
Yahoo! @ yahoo.com is a web search engine that uses Microsoft Bing web search results. In addition to web search results, it also provides search results for news articles, images and videos. It was founded in 1995.
